1
50
2225 4th Street NW
Washington, DC 20059
(929) 234-8464
fleurevcafrancois@gmail.com

To whom this may concern,

My name is Fleurevca Francois and I am very interested in the Summer 2018 Pathfinder Software Engineer Internship that is available at EA. I am a Sophomore Computer Science major currently attending Howard University and my courses in computer science have given me a solid foundation that I hope to expand upon with the opportunity to intern at EA.

After reviewing your job posting, it’s clear that you’re looking for a candidate that is passionate about developing the next generation of video games that will provide great experiences for the consumers. I have had the privilege of working for Tag Labs as an Instructor, where I taught computer programming to small children, and although I was there to instruct, the experience taught me to be tenacious and have patience when everything doesn’t go right. Working with children really taught me adaptability and have to run with fast changes which I hope to bring to EA. 

As the treasurer of my college’s ACM chapter, working with the executive board as a team and effectively communicating with my e-board members plays a key role in the success of the events that we host. Being able to collaborate in small teams and having meaningful impact on the events is my favorite part of being in the e-board and I want to be able to the same thing at EA. As a student, I have gained technical knowledge in data structures such as linked list, stacks, queues, and classes in Python and C++ and I believe that the opportunity to intern at EA would not only be beneficial to EA but would also help me develop my skills further.

After reviewing my résumé, I hope you will agree that I am the type of competent and collaborative candidate you are looking for. I look forward to elaborating on how my specific skills and abilities will benefit your organization. Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,

Fleurevca Francois
